Doc: Remove warnings of textlint (#804)
algolia/docsearch: docs/src/faq.md

for example with `./docs`, `./docs/` and `./docs/index.html` or even both `http`
and `https` in place.

> You can fixe the `stop_urls` to all the patterns you want to exclude. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fix the `stop_urls` to all the patterns you want to exclude. The
```

could help. Feel free to [send us an email][1] as well, and we'll provide all
the help we can.

> ## How many records the DocSearch crawl creates?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How many records does the DocSearch crawl create?
```

The [property `nb_hits`][9] in your configuration keeps track of the number of
records the crawl has extracted and indexed by the last DocSearch run. It
updates this number automatically.

The DocSearch scraper follows [the recommended atomic-reindexing strategy][10].
It creates a brand new temporary index to populate the data scraped from your
website. When successful, the crawl overwites the old index defined in your
configuration with the key `index_name`.

## Why aren't my pages indexed?

We are scraping your website according to your configuration. It might happen

> that some pages are missing from the search. You should know the possibles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that some pages are missing from the search. The possible reasons for that are:
```

> reasons of that and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(put inside previous line)

- Makes sure you are not filtering on the search by wrongly using
  `facetFilters`. [See here for more details][11].

> - Make sure that an other indexed page references the page missing from thanks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that an other indexed page references the page from thanks
```
